feat: Create submodules with defaults aligned with landing-zone workload and management VPCs (#442)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone-vpc: landing-zone-submodule/workload-vpc/README.md

> # Landing Zone Workload VPC (Standalone)
> 
> This specialized module calls the [parent landing-zone-vpc module](../..) with preset configuration that results in a 'workload' VPC whose topology identical to the workload VPC created by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main).
> 
> This submodule can be used by advanced consumers requiring more modularity than provided by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main) to create their topology. This module provides one of the building block for this topology.
> 
> An executable example is available [here](../../examples/landing_zone/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Landing Zone workload VPC (standalone)

This specialized submodule calls the root [landing-zone-vpc module](../..) with a preset configuration that results in a workload VPC with a topology that is identical to the workload VPC that is created by the [terraform-ibm-landing-zone module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone/tree/main).

You can use this submodule when you need more modularity to create your topology than the terraform-ibm-landing-zone module provides. This submodule provides one of the building blocks for this topology.

See the [Landing Zone example](../../examples/landing_zone/) for runnable code. 
```
